  Honestly, before this activity I didn't think too much about my personal strengths or how I'm using them, but this experience obviously helped me to discover new things about myself and pushed me to work on some weaknesses that I didn't know they were holding me back. However discovering how I'm using each strength really surprised me because it turned out that I'm not using all of them in a beneficial way for me. The strengths that stood out the most to me are furnace and equity and love and intimacy.

  This activity helped me realize that I should use my strengths to help me become more organized. However, after the first round of the game, I discovered what really was bothering me in education and I pinpointed my issue. So now I know how to use my strengths to overcome them. The first round and the round of education questions were the moments that told me how to use my strengths in learning. This experience made me handle challenges better and in a wise yet effective way.

  Personally, I'm an introvert, but playing such fun and unique game made me open up easily to new people. The vibe boys call all along, we all interacted with each other and there wasn't any awkward moments. My humour and playfulness may be played a role in working with peers, in breaking the balls and getting to chat and have fun with them, and they match it the vibe quickly. When collaborating and communicating with others, I really appreciated how they helped me when I first lost in my own strengths and even desires. They helped me discover myself even though it was the first time I met them.

  I didn't face that much challenges during this activity, probably as regular been pointing some specific things because I'm not used to do activities like this or think about such specific topics and I have an issue expressing my thoughts sometimes. But to overcome this challenge I asked for help and I hopefully received it. The lesson I learned is that I can always ask for help on whatever situation and subject because most of the time I hesitate to seek help from other people.

  During this experience I felt comfortable, calm and relaxed. I felt excited all along the activity. I felt curious when we were unboxing the game and I saw the different things in there. And I felt frustrated when we were picking our strengths because I didn't know what were mine exactly. And I was afraid to mess up. The last part of the game was the part that got me most engaged. The moment where I lost track of time is the moments when I was diving deep into the game mostly when I'm writing the answers in my notes.

  This activity made some personal goals easier for me as it made me discover how to use my strengths in a proper way to make it beneficial for me. It am so once the way I'm thinking. I started working on things based on my strengths and it helped me solve a lot of problems. The part where we were asked about our education goals made me reflect on what matters most in my studies. My perspective on my academic journey changed in a way that I started thinking differently now. I know exactly what I want and what's preventing me from that. And I know how to overcome these obstacles and reach my goal.

  The lessons from this activity that feel most valuable for my future studies or personal growth, there I need to work on myself and my personal strengths. And based on the last round of the game, I learned how to balance each one. Even forward, I want to succeed on balancing my strengths more and really understand how each one is working, whether it's for me or against me. This experience made me realize a lot of things in me and in the environment I'm learning in. And it made me discover that a game or an experience could make you learn a lot about life and even about yourself.

  When facing difficulties, I noticed that I talked to myself in a very calm way, I try not to panic and keep things under control. I usually respond to any challenge, just wanting to overcome it. But after this experience, I started analyzing the challenges and pinpointing the main issue that I need to solve. Simply controlling my negative thoughts would make me kinder to myself in tough moments.

  This activity may deal with stress and obstacles easier and faster. The way I'm thinking changed, it comes to overcoming difficulties. I started to analyze and precise the problem. The strategies from this experience that helped me in my real life situations is asking myself questions like, what's the problem, what's my goal, and what's preventing that from happening.
  Recognizing my own strengths, discovering how to balance them, opening up and interacting with new people are my biggest takeaways from this activity. Matching quickly with new people made me feel more confident as I always have problems when it comes to socializing. Having fun while learning motivated me to keep seeking more information, to summarize this experience in one sentence I would say, a unique combination of playing and learning in a comfort environment with amazing people.

